https://www.v7studio.ro/event-spaces/iasi

WhatsApp us
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Locations
Coworking
Private offices
Meeting rooms
Event spaces
About us
Book a tour
Book a tour
EVENT SPACES IN IAȘI
Planning an event in Iași?

A meeting, a workshop, a product launch or a networking event? We’ll make sure there is enough space for your ideas, and flexibility in terms of room setupis also guaranteed.

Book a tour
Book a tour
Learn more
Learn more
AS SEEN ON
A pleiadae of companies join us constantly to organize their events on site.
All you need in for your event, in one space

In the vibrant heart of the city, right next to the Palas complex and overlooking the iconic Palace of Culture.

Event room of up to 60 sqm
4K Smart TVs (164 cm TV)
Office supplies
Regular flipcharts
Printer & WIFI provided
Restroom amenities: Thoughtfully stocked with hand cream, dental floss, and other hygiene essentials for your comfort.
Kitchen amenities: Fully equipped, from water, coffee, tea, morning cereals and peanut butter to all the utensils you need for everyday use.
What our residents & alumni say

Real people. Real community. Real impact on how they work.

Having a diverse environment creates a dynamic and interesting place to work for our colleagues and minimizes the perception of a stressful, burdening workplace which I like to think helps them be more creative.

Olivia Huciu
Managing Partner, M2O Project

The community V7 Startup Studio coworking gathers and nurtures is so inspiring! The people I met here are driven, curious, creative and so open to sharing knowledge, opportunities and fun stories!

It’s a great place to work from - you’ll love the vibe and the good coffee options around. I’d recommend it to any freelancer or entrepreneur who’s looking for more than just a workspace.

Oana Modorcea
PR & Partnerships for Tech Companies

The coziest and most conveniently located coworking space in Iasi

Paul Razvan Berg
Co-Founder and CEO, Sablier Labs

The location is at the highest level of professionalism.

Fresh design, professional management, a team of dedicated people with a mission to help startups and professionals.

The Atipic community supports this initiative of V7 Startup Studio!

Andrei Ungureanu
Founder, ATIPIC
Have questions?

We got answers.

What makes hosting an event at V7 different from a traditional venue?
What’s included in the event space rental?
How do I get there and where can I park?
Book a tour

See the space in person. Tours take 15–20 minutes. Coffee is on us.

​

Tell us what you're interested in

​

Choose preferred location

​

Fill in the form and continue to pick your preffered time

LOCATIONS
V7 Opera
V7 Athenaeum
V7 Palas
COWORKING SPACE
Coworking in Bucharest
Coworking in Iași
PRIVATE OFFICES
Private office in Bucharest
Private office in Iași
MEETING ROOMS
Meeting rooms in Bucharest
Meeting rooms in Iași
EVENT SPACES
Event space in Bucharest
Event space in Iași
QUICK LINKS
About us
FAQs
Contact
V7 Members Portal
© 2025 V7 Startup Studio